Added docs on AWS with OIDC. (#5702)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/cd-integrations.md

        <td>CDS_ECS_BG_VALIDATION</td>
        <td>If green services exist in your Blue Green deployment, you can configure Harness to update those services instead of deleting them and then re-creating them with a new manifest and artifact.<br/>For more information, go to <a href="/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/ecs/ecs-deployment-tutorial/#update-green-services">Update green services</a> and <a href="/docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/aws/ecs/ecs-deployment-tutorial/#ecs-blue-green-service-validation">ECS blue/green service validations</a>.<br/><b>This feature is in Beta, and it requires Harness Delegate version 23.11.81820.</b> </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>CDS_AWS_OIDC_AUTHENTICATION</td>

>         <td>Enables the option to connect to AWS with OIDC. Only currently supported for Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, and Cloudformation. <b>This feature is in Beta.</b> </td>

Author: i've listed this feature as in Beta. Is that correct @thisrohangupta ?

Reviewer: Yes this feature is in Beta. You need to add ECS to the list.

>         <td>Enables the option to connect to AWS with OIDC. Only currently supported for Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, and Cloudformation. <b>This feature is in Beta.</b> </td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        <td>Enables the option to connect to AWS with OIDC. Currently, this option is supported only for Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, and CloudFormation deployment types. <b>This is a Beta feature.</b> </td>
```

>         <td>Enables the option to connect to AWS with OIDC. Currently, this option is only supported for Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, and Cloudformation. <b>This is a Beta feature.</b> </td>

Author: ```suggestion
        <td>Enables the option to connect to AWS with OIDC. Currently, this option is only supported for Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, ECS, and Cloudformation. <b>This is a Beta feature.</b> </td>
```
